chore: Add NetworkObject ownership docs and update related docs (#3879)
MidLevel/MLAPI: com.unity.netcode.gameobjects/Documentation~/terms-concepts/distributed-authority.md

Using a distributed authority topology is typically not suitable for high-performance competitive games that require an accurate predictive motion model. The distributed authority model successfully addresses a lot of visual and input-related issues, but does have some limitations:

> * Because [authority](./authority.md) of objects is distributed across clients, there's typically no single physics simulation governing the interaction of all objects. This can require approaching physics-related gameplay differently compared to a traditional client-server context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Because [authority](./authority.md) of NetworkObjects is distributed across clients, there's typically no single physics simulation governing the interaction of all objects. This can require approaching physics-related gameplay differently compared to a traditional client-server context.
```

The initial session owner is the first client that joins when the session is created. If this client disconnects during the game, a new session owner is automatically selected and promoted from within the clients that are currently connected.

> The session owner is the client responsible for loading and unloading scenes, and they will synchronize all existing game state to any newly joining client. Other connected clients synchronize any objects where the session owner doesn't have [visibility](../basics/object-visibility.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session owner is the client responsible for loading and unloading scenes, as well as synchronizing any existing game state to late-joining clients. Other connected clients synchronize any NetworkObjects where the session owner doesn't have [visibility](../basics/object-visibility.md).
```
Switched newly joining to late joining, since that's generally the term we've been preferring elsewhere. Let me know if there's a distinction I'm missing.

Author: No distinction! I forgot my brain

You can use this property to conditionally execute logic that should only run on the session owner, such as managing global game state or handling session-wide events.

> ### Session owner objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session owner NetworkObjects
```

> For any game systems that should always be [owned](./ownership.md) by the session owner, you can set the object to have the `OwnershipStatus.SessionOwner` [ownership permission](../advanced-topics/networkobject-ownership.md). This will ensure the object always belongs to the current session owner. If that session owner disconnects or leaves the game, the ownership of that object will be automatically moved to the newly selected session owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For game systems that should always be [owned](./ownership.md) by the session owner, you can set the NetworkObject to have the `OwnershipStatus.SessionOwner` [ownership permission](../advanced-topics/networkobject-ownership.md). This ensures that the NetworkObject always belongs to the current session owner. If that session owner disconnects or leaves the game, the ownership of that NetworkObject will be automatically moved to the newly selected session owner.
```

> ## Object distribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## NetworkObject distribution
```

> In a distributed authority setting, authority over NetworkObjects isn't bound to a single server, but distributed across clients depending on a NetworkObject's [ownership permission settings](../advanced-topics/networkobject-ownership.md#ownership-permissions-settings). NetworkObjects with the `OwnershipStatus.Distributable` permission set are automatically distributed amongst clients as clients connect and disconnect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a distributed authority setting, authority over NetworkObjects isn't bound to a single server, but distributed across clients depending on a NetworkObject's [ownership permission settings](../advanced-topics/networkobject-ownership.md#ownership-permissions-settings). NetworkObjects with the `OwnershipStatus.Distributable` permission set are automatically distributed between clients as clients connect and disconnect.
```

> For example, when a client starts a distributed authority session it spawns its player with `OwnershipStatus.None` so that no other client can take ownership. , Then the client spawns some NetworkObjects for the game that are set with `OwnershipStatus.Distributable`. At this point, Client-A has full authority over the `OwnershipStatus.Distributable` spawned objects and its player object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when a client starts a distributed authority session, it spawns its player with `OwnershipStatus.None` so that no other client can take ownership. Then the client spawns some NetworkObjects for the game that are set with `OwnershipStatus.Distributable`. At this point, Client-A has full authority over the `OwnershipStatus.Distributable` spawned objects and its player object.
```

![Distributed authority start](../images/distributed-authority-start.jpg)

> When another player joins, as in the following diagram, authority over distributable objects is split between both clients. Distributing the NetworkObjects in this way reduces the processing and bandwidth load for both clients. The same distribution happens when a player leaves, either gracefully or unexpectedly. The ownership and last known state of the subset of objects owned by the leaving player is transferred over to the remaining connected clients with no interruption in gameplay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When another player joins, as in the following diagram, authority over distributable NetworkObjects is split between both clients. Distributing NetworkObjects in this way reduces the processing and bandwidth load for both clients. The same distribution happens when a player leaves, either gracefully or unexpectedly. The ownership and last known state of the NetworkObjects owned by the leaving player are transferred over to the remaining connected clients with no interruption in gameplay.
```
